=========Basic===============
Have you seen a kangaroo in real life?
Have you driven a car?
Have you drank at a bar by yourself?
Have you visited someone in the hospital?
Have you been to a funeral?
Have you been in a helicopter?
Have you been in a hot air balloon?
Have you gone skydiving?
Have you had a cavity?
Have you had a root canal?
Have you been out of your home country?
Have you traveled to Australia?
Have you traveled to Canada?
Have you traveled to Japan?
Have you traveled to the UK?
Have you gotten a piercing?
Have you eaten an entire cake by yourself?
Have you been to a wedding?
Have you been to a bachelor or bachelorette party?
Have you danced in the rain?
Have you seen an alligator in real life?
Have you been awake for 48 hours (or more) straight?
Have you hit a parked car?
Have you accidentally spread a rumor?
Have you knowingly spread a rumor?
Have you stopped to ask a stranger for directions?
Have you been stolen from?
Have you answered the phone and pretended to be someone else?
Have you watched something you didn't like because it was popular, and you didn't want to be left out of the conversation?
Have you considered applying for a reality TV show?
Have you let someone win to make them feel better?
Have you eaten so much you had to undo the button of your pants?
Have you taken your shoes off on an airplane?
Have you argued with a stranger on social media?
Have you asked someone to lie on your behalf?
Have you been to the movies by yourself?
Have you eaten by yourself at a restaurant?
Have you caused a scene at a restaurant?
Have you been asked to leave a club, bar, or other public establishment?
Have you worn matching outfits with your pet?
Have you gotten sick and thrown up somewhere inconvenient?
Have you sent a compromising text to the wrong person?
Have you eaten something so spicy it made me sick?
Have you ridden a motorcycle?
Have you been on TV?
Have you pretended you were sick to get out of something?
Have you pretended to have a family emergency to get out of something?
Have you planned and executed an elaborate prank?
Have you thrown a punch?
Have you broken a bone?
Have you gotten stitches?
Have you lied about your age?
Have you had surgery of any kind?
Have you pulled an all-nighter?
Have you binged an entire TV show in one day?
Have you read an entire book in a day?
Have you met a celebrity?
Have you maxed out a credit card?
Have you had serious credit card debt?
Have you been blackout drunk?
Have you lied to get out of going to work or class?
Have you gotten a tattoo?
Have you used a toothbrush that wasn't mine?
Have you peed in a public pool?
Have you peed in the shower or bath?
Have you laughed so hard you peed?
Have you left gum under a desk or anywhere in public?
Have you clogged the toilet at someone else's house?
Have you clogged the toilet at a hotel?
Have you missed a flight?
Have you regifted a gift?
Have you read another person's texts off their phone?
Have you snooped through someone's room, cabinets, or closet?
Have you gone on a vacation by yourself?
Have you eaten an entire pizza by yourself?
Have you eaten a pint or more of ice cream by yourself?
Have you saved someone's life?
Have you started a fire?
Have you crashed a party?
Have you gotten stopped by airport security?
Have you lied to your parents about where you were?
Have you run a 5K?
Have you run a marathon?
Have you made a speech in public?
Have you cheated in school?
Have you given someone a fake phone number?
Have you been sent to the principal's office?
Have you had detention?
Have you been taken to the hospital?
Have you cut your own hair?
Have you used someone else's Netflix password (or any other streaming service)?
Have you dyed your own hair?
Have you lied to get out of plans with friends?
Have you eaten someone else's food from a communal fridge?
Have you lied on your resume?
Have you cut in line?
Have you blabbed someone else's secret?
Have you kept a secret for over a year?
Have you kept a secret for 10 years or longer?
Have you been in a bridal party?
Have you eaten food off the floor that broke the five-second rule?
Have you farted and blamed someone else?
Have you driven a stick shift?
Have you returned something after you wore it?
Have you gotten in a (pillow) fight?
Have you hitchhiked?
Have you donated blood?
Have you gotten in a (physical) fight?
Have you bought 5 or more dlcs for a single game?
Biggest pet peeve?
Which video game made you the most emotional?
Which conspiracy theory do you believe in?
Favorite clothing style?
Who is your biggest inspiration that motivates you?
What do you miss the most from your childhood?
What disappoints you the most in life?
What is your favorite pairing or ship in media?
Do you ever lie to your friends about how you feel? if yes, then why?
What is your favorite way to spend the weekend?
name three things you wouldn't want to live without?
What is your current self esteem level, and why?
What are your top three long term life goals?
Name one topic which you could talk about non stop?
What would be your dream job?
When you enter a room what song would you want playing?
Any other person can ask you a personal question?
On a scale of one to ten how addicted are you to you phone?
Are you an introvert or extrovert?
Your worst buyer's remorse purchase?
Name one most overrated and one most underrated thing?
Your three favorite youtube channels?
What is your biggest envy?
Your opinion about owning a real firearm?
Name one thing you love the most and one thing you hate the most about the person that goes next or drink two.
What experience do you enjoy sharing the most?
Your top three fictional characters only one per franchise?
What are you the most ashamed of in your life either things you have done or haven't done?
What defines a true friend for you?
Name three things you want to accomplish before you die?
In your life time what do you still hope you will witness or desire to be part of?
What is your biggest addiction?
What is your favorite song and why is it so important to you?
What is your deepest regret?
If you could re live something for the first time again what would it be?
Who's company from the people currently playing do you enjoy the most and why?
who is your favorite superhero and why?
who is your favorite anti hero and why?
who is your favorite villain and why?
Who in your vrc friendlist does the most bs but for some reason you still put up with it?
What is your most controversial opinion?
When was the last time you lost your patience with someone and why?
Say one wish you'd want a specific friend to have fulfilled?
If you could choose one thing that would be officially celebrated world wide once a year what would it be?
Name one thing you want to improve in the most?
What is something a lot of people are obsessed with but you see as a waste of time?
What are you the most nostalgic about?
What fictional world do you desire to be a part of and what would be your role in it?
Why do you spend time on vrc instead of meeting new people in the real world?
How would you define happiness in life?
Best cure for when you're feeling down or depressed?
What is the most irrational fear you have?
Do you always practice what you preach?
What mistakes do you keep repeating and never learn from?
What have you created that you are the most proud of?
When you close your eyes while listening to music what do you think about?
The person that goes next can ask you any personal question.
What is one thing you experienced that you keep recommending to everyone?
What are your three personal rules you know you'll never break?
When people meet you for the first time what impressions do you think they get?
If you could what would you tell your ten year younger self?
What do you hope people will remember you for?
What is the nicest thing some one has done for you?
What addiction do you have that you are in denial of?
What is your opinion on the after life?
What topic that people talk about do you hate the most?
What is your biggest prejudice?
Should euthanasia be legal every where why?
Would you rather know the day or way you die?
If your actions had no consequences for 24 hours what would you do?
If you could hire someone to do something for you, what would it be?
What is the strangest dream you’ve ever had?
What’s something you’re afraid of that other people might laugh at?
What is one secret you haven’t told many people?
What three items would you take with you if you had to spend the night in a haunted house?
Have you ever seen a ghost?
What’s your favorite Halloween movie and why?
What's your thoughts on the goth aesthetic?
In a zombie apocalypse, what would be your weapon of choice?
Do you believe in cryptids?
What is the scariest Halloween costume you have ever seen?
Are there any horror movies you refuse to watch because they scare you too much?
What is the spookiest ghost story you’ve ever heard?
Would you rather get bit by a vampire or zombie and why?
Have you ever walked through a graveyard late at night?
What is your favorite part of Halloween?
Which Halloween costume is your favorite and why?
If you could choose any Halloween creature as a pet, what would it be?
If you were to have a super power for just Halloween night, what would you choose?
What’s the most embarrassing time you’ve ever been scared?
What is your biggest pet peeve (thing you don’t like that other people do)?
What bad habit do you wish you could stop?
What’s the one candy you wish people would stop giving out to trick or treaters?
Would you rather be a vampire or a werewolf?
Do you like dressing up in costume?
What is your least favorite thing to do?
What’s the best Halloween party you’ve ever been to?
What’s your least favorite part of Halloween?
What’s your favorite part of Halloween?
If you could replace Halloween with another holiday (and celebrate that holiday twice), which holiday would you choose?
What’s your favorite scary movie?
You find an actual haunted house. Who's coming with you to fight ghosts?
What’s a Halloween candy you find disgusting?
Have you ever been scared at a haunted attraction?
Have you ever seen a cryptid?
What’s one Halloween song you know all the words to?
Do you know the moves to the Thriller dance (or any other dance)?
What’s something about yourself that other people don’t know?
Have you ever been too afraid to go knock on someone’s door to trick or treat?
Would you rather be the hero or the villain?
Would you rather walk through a haunted house or act in a haunted house?
Would you rather fight Springtrap Bonnie or Freddy Krueger?
Would you rather have to go trick or treating every year for the rest of your life or show up to every party you get invited to in a costume?
Would you rather have telekinesis or telepathy?
Which Halloween creature would you want to be for a day?
Would you rather have Fall for six months of the year but no summer or have summer for six months of the year but no winter?
Would you rather sleep in the basement of a real haunted house alone for one night or sleep in a cemetery alone for one night?
Would you rather have to eat all your Halloween candy in one night or bob for apples all day?
Would you rather switch bodies with someone for a day like in Freaky Friday or find out you’re a witch like in Halloweentown?
==========NSFW=============
Have you had a vacation fling in a foreign country?
Have you given a lap dance?
Have you been caught having sex?
Have you kissed someone twice your age?
Have you had a crush on a teacher or professor?
Have you hooked up with someone you met online?
Have you been in a love triangle?
Have you gone skinny-dipping?
Have you fallen asleep during sex?
Have you cheated on a significant other?
Have you role-played during sex?
Have you sexted?
Have you received a lap dance?
Have you had a one-night stand?
Have you had sex in a car?
Have you joined the mile-high club?(fucked on a plane)
Have you had a threesome?
Have you had sex in a public place?
Have you gotten or given a hickey?
Have you had a friend with benefits?
Have you gone to a strip club?
Have you gone streaking?
Have you gone commando?
How important is foreplay for you, both giving and receiving?
Do you prefer it slow and romantic or hard and rough?
What is your opinion on sending nudes to someone?
Threesomes yes or no, and why?
What was the longest time you lasted during sex?
What was the shortest time you have lasted during sex?
What sexual fantasy do you hope to fulfil one day?
Do you think you're watching too much porn?
What is your priority the satisfaction of your partner or yourself?
Would you agree to friends with benefits with your ex?
ERP in VRC yes or no why?
Which are more important to you, breasts abs or ass?
How many sexual partners have you had?
Are you more dominant or submissive during the act?
Do you listen to music during sex?
Sex on the first date yes or no why?
When was the last time you masturbated and what was it to?
Did you ever go to a bar to find someone for one night?
When in a relationship how often a week do you need sex?
Did or would you ever try using sex toys with your partner?
Would you rather one week without music or one week without sex?
Who is your favorite pornstar?
Are you too scared to tell your partner about your sexual desires or needs?
What does your partner have to do physically to make you horny?
What does your partner have to wear to make you horny?
Who's voice from this room turns you on the most?
BDSM how far would you go?
BDSM how far did you go already?
Anal yes or no why?
Did any media catch your interest based solely on the fact that it had sexual content?
Do you feel embarrassed when you see sex scenes in media?
Have you ever used dating sites to find someone just for sex?
Is shaving intimate parts of the body necessary why?
Which fictional character turns you on the most did you search for rule 34?
Did you ever break up with someone because they couldn't satisfy your physical needs?
What is a kink you have found thanks to porn?
Have you ever caught a STD?
Do you always use protection during sex?
Favorite location for outdoor sex?
Most amount of times you had sex in one day?
How long do you have to be in a relationship with someone before you'll have sex?
Do you have someone at work or school who you undress with your eyes every time?
Have you watched porn for sexual inspiration?
how good or bad was your first time having sex?
From the people who are currently playing who would you want to cuddle with?
Have you ever experimented with your sexuality, if yes did something change?
Have you ever been caught watching porn or caught someone else watching?
Have you lied to your partner about his or her sexual performance?
Biggest age gap between you and your sex partner?
Did you ever tell your partner you didn't want sex because you had more important matters at hand?
What kink do you have which you are afraid to tell your partner about?
Period sex yes or no and why?
Your worst injury during sex?
Have you ever paid someone for sex?
Have you ever woke up to a complete stranger what did you do afterwards?
Favorite kissing position?
Ever had sex with someone even when you weren't attracted to the person?
Your opinion on Netflix and chill?
What do you enjoy the most about foreplay?
Sex with lights turned off yes or no why?
Did you ever use food during sex?
Have you ever thought about someone else during sex?
Do you prefer to do it more in bed or any other place?
Where is the weirdest place you ever had sex?
Your top three favorite sex positions?
What was the most daring sexual thing you've ever done?
Have you ever pushed the boundaries of fidelity to the brink but then retreated just for the rush?
Your favorite part on your partner's body?
What is your most embarrassing sexual experience?
Do you always cuddle, fall asleep instantly or dress up and leave after sex?
On a scale of 1-10 how addicted are you to sex?
Do you prefer a quicky or marathon sessions?
Do you often try directing a conversation into sexual territory?
Name three things that turn you off instantly?
What is the longest time you've been without sex?
At what age have you seen sexual content for the first time?
Did you ever message or call your ex for sex?
Did you ever fake an orgasm and why?
How loud are you during sex?
Is sex overrated?
What is the most amount of people you've kissed in a night?
At what age have you lost your virginity?
What is your favorite porn category?
Your opinion on friends with benefits?
What is one thing you're willing to try sexually? Anybody who agrees gets to drink.
What is something freaky you tried/would try that you'd never admit outside this game?
What is the most inappropriate place you have hooked up in?
==========Statute of Limitations=============
Have you been pulled over while driving?
Have you ever lied to law enforcement?
Have you witnessed a crime?
Have you snuck your pet somewhere they weren't technically allowed to be?
Have you snuck into a movie?
Have you snuck into an authorized personnel only area?
Have you gone to work high?
Have you been arrested?
Have you snitched on someone and gotten them in trouble?
Have you stolen anything from a store?
Have you stolen something from a friend or family member?
Have you bribed someone?
Have you been an alibi for a lying friend?
Have you had or used a fake ID?
Have you tried marijuana?
Have you tried anything harder than marijuana?
Have you tried psychedelics?
Have you dined and dashed?
Have you had to go to court?
Have you driven without a license?
Have you gotten a speeding ticket?
Have you gotten a parking ticket?
Have you cried, bribed, or flirted your way out of a ticket?
Have you parked in a handicap spot? Take 3 if you have.
Have you ever trespassed somewhere for the thrill of it? Explain or drink.
Have you ever hacked into something before? What was it?
Have you ever pirated content before?
Have you ever forged a signature before?
If you could change one thing to be illegal what would it be?
Have you ever snuck into a place without paying? A festival, club, movie, etc?
How many people have you fought in your lifetime?
When was the last time you shoplifted and what was the thing you stole?
When was the last time you've committed a crime? Drink if you haven't.
When would it be acceptable to steal? Give one example.
What crime would you commit if you had 24 hours to commit 1?
What weapon would you want to have if there were no legal drawbacks?
What movie have you watched that was bad enough to be considered criminal?
What first world problem should be a crime?
What would you do if drinking became illegal?
What is the most illegal-sounding thing you have googled?
What is one thing you've done under the influence that's gotten you into serious trouble.
What is the dirtiest (illegal) way you've made money?
What is the worst thing you've done with someone else's login information?
Who is the first person here you would eat for survival?
Who here would bail you out of jail? Drink for your ride-or-die.
Who here would you frame for your crimes? Drink if you wouldn't frame.
Who here would frame you for their crimes? Make them drink.
Who here would you trust to help hide a body? Make them drink and explain why.
Who here do you think commits criminal fashion choices? Explain why and make them drink.
Have you ever scammed an organization (school, store, employer) before? Drink if not.
Have you ever committed tax fraud? intentionally or by "accident"?
Have you ever used a friend's medical or student ID for benefits or discounts?
==========Relationship=============
Have you ended a relationship over voicemail?
Have you ended a relationship over text?
Have you pretended to know about something you knew nothing about to impress a crush or date?
Have you ever learned something just to impress someone you liked?
Have you been on a date just for a free meal?
Have you had a crush on a coworker?
Have you been on a blind date?
Have you set someone up on a blind date?
Have you drunk-dialed your ex?
Have you disliked a friend's significant other but kept your thoughts to yourself?
Have you stood up a date?
Have you been dumped?
Have you broken up with someone?
Have you used a dating app?
Have you ghosted someone?
Have you slid into someone's DMs?
Have you had a crush on a friend's sibling?
Have you lied on a dating profile?
Have you sent a stranger a drink at a bar?
Have you tried to make an ex jealous?
Have you ever dated someone just to get over someone else?
Have you ever make a fake social to check on someone? Explain why or drink if you have.
Have you cried over someone who just was not worth it?
Have you ever posted something just to get that one specific person to notice?
What is your go-to pick up line? Use it on someone or drink.
What is the cheesiest pick up line you know? Use it on someone or drink.
When was the last time you rejected someone and why?
Describe your most awkward breakup?
What is the longest time you kept your feelings hidden from your crush?
What three personality traits does your potential love interest need to have?
What makes someone stand out as a potential partner?
What is your opinion on dating sites and the people who use them?
What do you see as the main reason why people break up quickly?
What signs could someone give you to show they're interested in you?
What is your love language? Give an example.
What trait would someone have that you admire? Name someone here with the trait or drink.
What is the biggest lie you've told someone to get them to like you?
What is something embarrassing you did to get your crush's attention?
What is one romantic text you regret not sending? Say it now or take a shot.
If all your crushes got together and discussed you, what would they complain about?
Do you believe in astrology? If yes, name the sexiest sign or drink.
Could you be in a relationship with a partner who has a different libido?
Describe the worst date you had which you did not leave half way through?
Would you ever forgive your partner for cheating on you? 
Would you ever be in a relationship if it was only in VRC?
Who is your most recent crush?
How do you react when you find out someone has a crush on you?
Who is someone you flirt with for fun but would never actually date?
What's the thirstiest DM you ever sent or received? Read it or drink.
What is something embarrassing you've done to get your ex's attention?
What is the shallowest reason for rejecting someone?
If your last situationship could describe you in one word, what would it be?
You need to convince your crush to hook up with only 3 emojis. What would the emojis be?
You are in a zombie apocalypse. Who are you taking with you and why?
==========Games should make into drink up====================
Have you played Donkey Kong country 1 - 3?
Have you played Fortnite?
Have you played Overwatch?
Have you played L4D or L4D2?
Have you played League of Legends?
Have you played 100% Orange Juice?
Have you beat Starfox64?
